Abhinav Faujdar (8)
In all the examples you show, the last two digits are 00. What is the point of increasing the length to six characters? An example would have made it easier to visualize. A larger dataset could have been used to assess the goodness of your algorithm. 


Abhishek Rawat (10)
Good job.

Aishwarya (10)
A larger dataset could have been used to assess the goodness of your algorithm. 

Ankush Karmarkar (10)
A larger dataset could have been used to assess the goodness of your algorithm. 

Aritra Banerjee (8)
You have added a lemmatizer in your smart search engine. It is not clear how "-" got handled. Also, the details of precision and recall computation are missing in your report. 

Arkaprava Sinha (10)
A larger dataset could have been used to assess the goodness of your algorithm. 

Kapil (10)
In your report, you have not explained the changes you did in each core to get the corresponding gain in precision or recall. A discussion on how your changes will generalize (for example, are there queries where your changes could bring down precision and recall?) would have helped in a fair assessment of your solr search systems.

Krishna (10)
I enjoyed reading your assignment. There was reasoning behind your ideas. However, a larger dataset could have helped in conducting a fair assessment of your algorithm.

Malhar Dave (10)
Good job.

Nikhil V (10)
Thanks for including screenshots.  A discussion on how your changes will generalize (for example, are there queries where your changes could bring down precision and recall?) would have helped in a fair assessment of your solr search systems.

Purnendu Ghosh (5)
I did not see any report attached to your submission. From the code, I do see that you use a lemmatizer along with lucene libaries to perform search.

Pushkar (10)
Well written. I enjoyed readin your work. Especially, the discovery that soundex map is not friendly to Indian girls, was nice to know. However, a larger dataset could have helped in conducting a fair assessment of your algorithm. 


Rohan Khaitan (10)
Good job.

Sagarika Shahane (9)
I liked the way you assessed your algorithm. However, a discussion on the demerits of increasing the length would have made your discussion fair and square. Are any similar sounding terms getting different codes now?

Sahil Khandelwal (10)
A larger dataset could have been used to assess the goodness of your algorithm. 

Sankalp Sinha (10)
Well written! A larger dataset could have been used to assess the goodness of your algorithm. 

Sreya (10)
Good job.

Subhashish Basak (8)
I do not see an example where precision improves.

Suchitra (10)
Good job.

Swarnadeep Bhar (10)
Good job.

